deploy individual initiatives (#179)
Azure/alz-monitor: docs/wiki/Introduction-to-deploying-ALZ-Monitor.md

- To customize policy assignments, please proceed with [Customize Policy Assignment](./Customize-Policy-Assignment)
- To deploy with GitHub Actions, please proceed with [Deploy with GitHub Actions](./Deploy-with-GitHub-Actions)
- To deploy with Azure CLI, please proceed with [Deploy with Azure CLI](./Deploy-with-Azure-CLI)
- To deploy with Azure PowerShell, please proceed with [Deploy with Azure PowerShell](./Deploy-with-Azure-PowerShell)

> - To deploy an individual Policy Initiative, please proceed with [Deploy individual Policy Initiatives](./Deploy-individual-Policy-Initiatives)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  To deploy Service Health or another Policy Initiative (individually), please proceed with [Deploy individual Policy Initiatives](./Deploy-individual-Policy-Initiatives)
```

- To customize policy assignments, please proceed with [Customize Policy Assignment](./Customize-Policy-Assignment)
- To deploy with GitHub Actions, please proceed with [Deploy with GitHub Actions](./Deploy-with-GitHub-Actions)
- To deploy with Azure CLI, please proceed with [Deploy with Azure CLI](./Deploy-with-Azure-CLI)
- To deploy with Azure PowerShell, please proceed with [Deploy with Azure PowerShell](./Deploy-with-Azure-PowerShell)
- To deploy Service Health or another Policy Initiative (individually), please proceed with [Deploy individual Policy Initiatives with Azure CLI](./Deploy-individual-Policy-Initiatives-with-Azure-CLI)

> - To deploy Service Health or another Policy Initiative (individually), please proceed with [Deploy individual Policy Initiatives with Azure PowerShell](./Deploy-individual-Policy-Initiatives-with-Azure-PowerShell)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To deploy Service Health or another Policy Initiative (individually) with PowerShell, please proceed with [Deploy individual Policy Initiatives with Azure PowerShell](./Deploy-individual-Policy-Initiatives-with-Azure-PowerShell)
```
